Toyoki Senaka

My family has a history of naming their children words which mean nothing. it's our responsibility to make meaning of our name.

Alfre
-1 action to reloads

old edoites / yakuza / mostly human nationalists
red broth crime syndicate / mafia / most powerful crime dudes in the world. 

Excenan.
+1 to all skills

Assassin / Spy
 - I do what i've been given, but i've been known to be good at scouting, good at spying, and good at killing quietly if the price is right. if not, i'll find my own way to compensate myself. I want to help those in need and solving corruption is how i fix it. If people have to die for progress to be made, then progress will be made.


Level 5
+3 Perks
+5/2 (3) Skill points


Background

I want to help cure corruption. The ones close to me have suffered greatly because of negligent use of power. hording power when those in need could use your help is what im trying to solve.

My parents were powerful enough to have their heads on contracts. when i was 15, they were assassinated. growing up they did nothing for me. I had to learn how to protect myself and the people i care for. I had to learn how to stay alive, how to shoot, how to kill. I was pretty good at it. The friends i kept weren't very good, but i fit right in.

I've been apart of a local "gang" since i was young. I say "gang" as it's only a gang by technicality. we're a few neighbourhoods wide community who provide protection for the communities cause the cops won't do shit. It gets more gang-like as you get to people like me and <chelsea / ash?>, who use our power for getting things done. i've killed some polititians around excena, stolen some important data, and proven myself among my friends as the one who does the dirty work. me and my homie/s <chelsea/ash> usually roll together and get things done. pretty recently we were approached by a new fixer who says he thinks we're good and can help us if we help him.


Appearance
Tall and skinny, casually rocks pretty baggy clothes with fancy sneakers etc. When on the job, i dress up clean in black tactical gear. I'm technologically savvy, so i've got augs / wearables on my arms to assist my spy shit. tattoos(?) and clan-related ear piercings i definitely have. My posture is pretty slick and laid back, i keep to myself but will definitely start talking if you vibe right and i want to.


Personality
I'm casual and lead life the same. I'm not proper or posh, I speak with my hands and i talk how i want. When things get serious i take things too lightly and that's hurt people in the past. I'm rash and kinda short tempered. I get frustrated and will take that out physically, i'll punch walls or kick the ground or punch my hands on each other.

Contacts
you're on a mission to do something, you may need more intel, you may need more supplies, you may need more service. who do you contact?

Supplies: A gang member has contacts who are linked to gun-running in the red broth crime syndicate. I've got a good relationship with them.
Intel: i've got a hacker contact from my school. 
Service: 

Ethnicity:
- Mixed "Ratbit" Rabbit/Rat Alfre

Vibe:
"Soft or rough vibe"
"What's the aura"
intimidating. rough vibe to him.


Gang
Name: ECP (Edo Community Patrol) and the ECF (Edo Community Fighters)

The ECP are a large, decentralised gang who prioritise 4 core values to assist the communities of the wards in which members reside in and the suburbs around; effectively, a wide-spread community of people who intend to do good. 

There's a lot of anecdotal truths and lies about certain groups claiming to be ECP doing good/bad throughout edo. Most people (especially younger families) believe the ECP is a good thing, as crime is still a problem the police can't solve, and the ECP do a good job protecting young students and families freely enjoy their lives around Edo. ECP has plenty of nasty rumours. 

ECF are way more controversial of a group, which comes with a lot of bad talking and aggressive family conversations when rebellious types clash with traditional types. 

Mantra:
 - ECP: Protection through C.A.R.E. (Community, Assistance, Recreation, Execution)
 - ECF: Protection through action.

Vibes:
 | ECP:
    - "Helping the community by providing compassionate assistance, recreational activities for all generations and primarily, acting decisively in reaction to events.
    - Is more of a community protection service constructed by the community. 
    - ECP was founded as local gangs were running havoc in our neighborhoods. After the murdering of a deerly beloved drakki <X>, mass community outreach was had and many meetings were held to form what is now known as the ECP. It started off clean with willing people who'd offer protection for our children or assistance for the elderly, but when the local gangs started involving red broth into our area, a few radicals took it upon themselves to cleanse the neighborhoods of those who had done so much bad. Although practically all ECP members who know about the ECF despise the actions of anyone who marks themselves as such, it's unimaginable how much the ECF have helped protect the neighborhoods from more death and crime. It's the ECP's responsibility to make the most of these quiet times rebuilding and helping the community as much as possible, because who knows what the future holds for us?

 | ECF:
    - "Helping the community by fixing the problems we face." 
    - Does actual gang shit, will attempt to "solve problems" that may occur in or around the wards through
      any means necessary. usually this means convincing politicians by threatening things or merely having private conversations.
      Has lead to a few leading actions that may not have needed to occur from young adolescents craving to prove themselves. 
    - The ECF was formed by a few radical ECP members who saw the terrible actions happening upon their community, who saw the potential that a bit of return fire could cause to the gang wars, and acted by any means necessary to protect the people who call these neighborhoods home. 

Size:
 - ECP: The neighbourhood i grew up in, and two/three surrounding wards. typically has a 30% population of people who say they're apart of the ECP, but turnouts for most events definitely have non self-assigned ECP people join in. 
 - ECF: A small group of no more than 10 people from the ECP